71 amazing women
hi Mikey from the first calm
I'm going to the first-ever Costa cruise
I never thought it would actually be
possible I know that Beth ham from
YouTube as well we were discussing this
a year earlier clicking can it actually
be done from the action and that's it no
not mom's coming
and welcome back to the crochet crowd
calm I'm your host Mikey on bard the
carnico the Carnival conquest this six
o'clock am as I watched the Sun Rise
come up in behind amazingly could some
it's hard not to get choked up on how
incredible this crochet cruise was this
was the first one up to that we're doing
this year 71 amazing women and men had
two men and the friendships
love
in the conversation and I don't think
I've laughed this hard in so long and
for me just the laughter it's their heat
illness I don't have to answer it know
what spending time with your daughter
this seems like you guys just really
she's been wonderful at home or not this
really really because she lived across
country permission if they've had a home
she traveled a lot and she's just
recently come back so I seem to be more
person to my younger daughter but we
have grown son close this trip
that's up to you guys
well you're the only girls I know that
and drinkin this cruise was amazing the
women on board were just I think
everybody including me needed to detox
and to be part of something totally
amazing and just to be able to share
themselves with other people other
strangers many many people came on their
own some people brought spouses and some
other people brought friends with them
and um there's wonderful it was truly
truly wonderful so the people that we've
had on board with this cruise I haven't
laughed so hard my voice is round raw
and it's because I'm just so I'm
laughing I'm just i detoxed when I was
on board and many of our fans that had
come on board felt very similar to the
point of of just let it go and having a
laugh and being able to share so I hope
you enjoy I'll be writing up about this
and I wish I would have done this years
ago because I didn't I knew that it was
gonna be good but I didn't realize it
was gonna be bad so until next time I'm
Mikey on behalf I keep looking at the
ocean I'm sorry I'm just
instacart shakers live on board carnival
conquest and until next time I'm liking
every hops away